doc: Adds warning about using output variables and moved together (#3153)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/migrate_cluster_to_advanced_cluster/module_maintainer/README.md

- Adds `data "mongodbatlas_cluster" "this"` to avoid breaking changes in `outputs.tf` (see below).

### [`outputs.tf`](v2/outputs.tf)

> - Ensure you are not adding any output variables that use the new `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource. Referencing the new resource before moving can lead to unexpected plan output (extra `Note: Objects have changed outside of Terraform` section) when performing the move (see more in the [Github Issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework/issues/1109)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure you are not adding any output variables that use the new `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource. Referencing the new resource before moving can lead to a more verbose plan output (extra `Note: Objects have changed outside of Terraform` section) when performing the move (see more in the [Github Issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework/issues/1109)).
```

Author: Thank you. Changed in f35af55939279d16483871032b66b911d24d0681

- Ensure compatibility with `v1` outputs by modifying:
  - `replication_specs`, uses `data.mongodbatlas_cluster.this.replication_specs` to keep the same format.
  - `mongodbatlas_cluster`, uses the `data.mongodbatlas_cluster.this` to keep the same format.

## Step 3: Module `v3` Implementation Changes and Highlights
This module adds variables to support the latest `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` features while staying compatible with the old input variables.

> The module supports standalone usage when there is no existing `mongodbatlas_cluster` and also upgrading from `v1` using a `moved` block. However, upgrading directly from `v1` can encounter unexpected plan output (extra `Note: Objects have changed outside of Terraform` section) when performing the move (see more in the [Github Issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework/issues/1109)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module supports standalone usage when there is no existing `mongodbatlas_cluster` and also upgrading from `v1` using a `moved` block. However, upgrading directly from `v1` can lead to a more verbose plan output (extra `Note: Objects have changed outside of Terraform` section) when performing the move (see more in the [Github Issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework/issues/1109)).
```

Author: Thank you. Changed in f35af55939279d16483871032b66b911d24d0681
